DB Midterm/to do.md, before:

[[DB UML]]

- [x] create site settings table
- [x] add organizer_home row
- [x] add home page row
- [x] add edit Event page row
- [x] add site settings page row
- [x] add attendee home page row
- [x] add attendee event page row
- [x] add site settings form for home page
- [x] populate site setting  home page form w data
- [x] check home page updates
- [x] populate form data with current settings
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x] add site settings form for organizer page
- [x] populate site setting  organizer page form w data
- [x] check organizer page updates
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x]  populate form data with current settings
- [x] add site settings form for edit event page
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x] populate site setting  edit event page form w data
- [x] add site settings form for Site Settings page
- [x] populate site setting  Site Settings page form w data
- [x] check Site Settings page updates
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x]  populate form data with current settings
- [x] add site settings form for Attendee page
- [x] populate site setting  Attendee page form w data
- [x] check Attendee page updates
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x]  populate form data with current settings
- [x] add site settings form for Attendee Event page
- [x] populate site setting  Attendee Event page form w data
- [x] check Attendee  Event page updates
- [x]  populate form data with current settings

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for home page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for home page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for home page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for organizer home
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for organizer home
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for organizer home

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for organizer edit event page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for organizer edit event page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for organizer edit event page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for attendee page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for attendee page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for attendee page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for attendee edit event page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for attendee edit event page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for attendee edit event page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for siteSetting page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for siteSetting page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for siteSetting page


- [x] make event table
- [x] make add event form to edit events
- [x] update db from edit events
- [x] update db publish from editEvents
- [x] add date created on to records

- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for organizer home
- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for  home page
- [ ]  adding validation for siteSetting form for organizer edit event page
- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for attendee home page
- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for attendee edit event page

at: oranizer.js line 126
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-use-array-of-objects-in-ejs-template-engine/

use the foreach loop to populate the forms

have multiple forms populated each with own endpoint.

https://www.reddit.com/r/node/comments/qrv1qd/can_i_send_more_than_one_dataset_to_an_ejs_file/

put each row like this:
Yes, like so { data: { arrayStuff: […], yourString: “Hello World” }}


- [ ] error handeling: redirect to siteSetting with message
- [x] move appropriate items to Organizer Main
- [x] Title for the Events there ie: fishing, yoga
- [x] "create new event" button

- [x] ● A heading which indicates that this is the Organiser Home Page  
- [x] ● It should be accessed through a URL which is distinct from the Attendee Home Page  
- [x] ● It should display the event manager name and description. For example “Stretch Yoga” and  
- [x] “Yoga classes for all ages and abilities”.  
- [x] ● It should have a link which points to the Site Settings Page  
- [x] ● It should have a “Create New Event” button  
- [x] ○ When pressed this should create a new draft event and redirect to it’s edit page  
- [x] ● It should display a dynamically populated list of published events  
- [x] ○ The list should display useful information about the events including the title, date,  
- [x] when they were created and published and the number of each type of ticket for  
- [x] sale  
- [x] ○ For each event the list should display a sharing link which points to the  
- [x] relevant Attendee Home Page  
- [x] ○ For each event there should be a delete button. When pressed this should:  
- [x] ■ Remove the event from the database  
- [x] ■ Reload the page to display the updated information  
- [x] ● It should display a dynamically populated list of draft events  
- [x] ○ The list should display useful information about the events including the title, date,  
- [x] when they were created and published and the number of each type of ticket for  
- [x] sale  
- [x] ○ Each event in the list should be accompanied by a link which points to its edit page  
- [x] ○ For each event there should be a publish button. When pressed this should:  
- [x] ■ Update the event’s state from draft to published  
- [x] ■ Timestamp the publication date  
- [x] ■ Reload the page to display the updated information  
- [x] ○ For each event there should be a delete button. When pressed this should:  
- [x] ■ Remove the event from the database  
- [x] ■ Reload the page to display the updated information
- [x] Edit event Org page button
- [x] bootstrap Edit Event Page


Bootstrap template stuff:
- [x] add title and heading and description back to organizerHome
- [x] Do Home page
- [x] Do site settings page

at Site settings in instructions

Bootstrap:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-add-bootstrap-in-a-project/



ATTENDEE PAGE:

- [x] ● A heading which indicates that this is the Attendee Home Page
- [x] ● It should be accessed through a URL which is distinct from the Organiser Home Page
- [x] ● It should display the site name and description
- [x] ● A list of published events
- [x] ○ The event title and date should be visible for each item
- [x] ○ Events should be ordered by event date with the next event appearing at the
- [x] top
- [x] ○ Clicking on an item in the list should take the user to the Attendee Event Page for that particular event
- [ ] buy tickets
- [ ] add on consessions: just add another form with eventid
- [ ] sort events by date on org page
- [ ] 


TOTO: Nice to have
- [ ] format date / time on pages split on "T"
- [ ] make sure all Date() is formated

OTHER:
- [ ] What does (next) do?
- [ ] 


TODO: remove write pemissions from the site_settings table so title and name dont change


https://www.reddit.com/r/node/comments/qrv1qd/can_i_send_more_than_one_dataset_to_an_ejs_file/

Yes, like so { data: { arrayStuff: […], yourString: “Hello World” }}

Commit message:

added to todo list. moves navbar item

DB Midterm/to do.md, after:

[[DB UML]]

- [x] create site settings table
- [x] add organizer_home row
- [x] add home page row
- [x] add edit Event page row
- [x] add site settings page row
- [x] add attendee home page row
- [x] add attendee event page row
- [x] add site settings form for home page
- [x] populate site setting  home page form w data
- [x] check home page updates
- [x] populate form data with current settings
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x] add site settings form for organizer page
- [x] populate site setting  organizer page form w data
- [x] check organizer page updates
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x]  populate form data with current settings
- [x] add site settings form for edit event page
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x] populate site setting  edit event page form w data
- [x] add site settings form for Site Settings page
- [x] populate site setting  Site Settings page form w data
- [x] check Site Settings page updates
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x]  populate form data with current settings
- [x] add site settings form for Attendee page
- [x] populate site setting  Attendee page form w data
- [x] check Attendee page updates
- [x] remove old row from db
- [x]  populate form data with current settings
- [x] add site settings form for Attendee Event page
- [x] populate site setting  Attendee Event page form w data
- [x] check Attendee  Event page updates
- [x]  populate form data with current settings

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for home page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for home page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for home page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for organizer home
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for organizer home
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for organizer home

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for organizer edit event page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for organizer edit event page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for organizer edit event page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for attendee page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for attendee page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for attendee page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for attendee edit event page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for attendee edit event page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for attendee edit event page

- [x] adding individual siteSetting form for siteSetting page
- [x] add route for siteSetting form for siteSetting page
- [x] test individual siteSetting form for siteSetting page


- [x] make event table
- [x] make add event form to edit events
- [x] update db from edit events
- [x] update db publish from editEvents
- [x] add date created on to records

- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for organizer home
- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for  home page
- [ ]  adding validation for siteSetting form for organizer edit event page
- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for attendee home page
- [ ] adding validation for siteSetting form for attendee edit event page

at: oranizer.js line 126
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-use-array-of-objects-in-ejs-template-engine/

use the foreach loop to populate the forms

have multiple forms populated each with own endpoint.

https://www.reddit.com/r/node/comments/qrv1qd/can_i_send_more_than_one_dataset_to_an_ejs_file/

put each row like this:
Yes, like so { data: { arrayStuff: […], yourString: “Hello World” }}


- [ ] error handeling: redirect to siteSetting with message
- [x] move appropriate items to Organizer Main
- [x] Title for the Events there ie: fishing, yoga
- [x] "create new event" button

- [x] ● A heading which indicates that this is the Organiser Home Page  
- [x] ● It should be accessed through a URL which is distinct from the Attendee Home Page  
- [x] ● It should display the event manager name and description. For example “Stretch Yoga” and  
- [x] “Yoga classes for all ages and abilities”.  
- [x] ● It should have a link which points to the Site Settings Page  
- [x] ● It should have a “Create New Event” button  
- [x] ○ When pressed this should create a new draft event and redirect to it’s edit page  
- [x] ● It should display a dynamically populated list of published events  
- [x] ○ The list should display useful information about the events including the title, date,  
- [x] when they were created and published and the number of each type of ticket for  
- [x] sale  
- [x] ○ For each event the list should display a sharing link which points to the  
- [x] relevant Attendee Home Page  
- [x] ○ For each event there should be a delete button. When pressed this should:  
- [x] ■ Remove the event from the database  
- [x] ■ Reload the page to display the updated information  
- [x] ● It should display a dynamically populated list of draft events  
- [x] ○ The list should display useful information about the events including the title, date,  
- [x] when they were created and published and the number of each type of ticket for  
- [x] sale  
- [x] ○ Each event in the list should be accompanied by a link which points to its edit page  
- [x] ○ For each event there should be a publish button. When pressed this should:  
- [x] ■ Update the event’s state from draft to published  
- [x] ■ Timestamp the publication date  
- [x] ■ Reload the page to display the updated information  
- [x] ○ For each event there should be a delete button. When pressed this should:  
- [x] ■ Remove the event from the database  
- [x] ■ Reload the page to display the updated information
- [x] Edit event Org page button
- [x] bootstrap Edit Event Page


Bootstrap template stuff:
- [x] add title and heading and description back to organizerHome
- [x] Do Home page
- [x] Do site settings page

at Site settings in instructions

Bootstrap:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-add-bootstrap-in-a-project/



ATTENDEE HOME PAGE:

- [x] ● A heading which indicates that this is the Attendee Home Page
- [x] ● It should be accessed through a URL which is distinct from the Organiser Home Page
- [x] ● It should display the site name and description
- [x] ● A list of published events
- [x] ○ The event title and date should be visible for each item
- [x] ○ Events should be ordered by event date with the next event appearing at the
- [x] top
- [x] ○ Clicking on an item in the list should take the user to the Attendee Event Page for that particular event
ATTENDEE EVENT PAGE
- [x] A heading which indicates that this is the Attendee Home Page
- [x] ● It should be accessed through a URL which is distinct from the Organiser Home Page
- [x] ● It should display the site name and description
- [x] ● A list of published events
- [ ] ○ The event title and date should be visible for each item
- [ ] ○ Events should be ordered by event date with the next event appearing at the
- [ ] top
- [ ] ○ Clicking on an item in the list should take the user to the Attendee Event Page for
- [ ] that particular event
- [ ] Attendee Event Page:
- [ ] This is where the attendee can view the details of events and make bookings. The minimum
- [ ] requirements for the page are as follows:
- [ ] ● A heading which indicates that this is the Attendee Event Page
- [ ] ● It should display a single event determined by the url
- [ ] ● It should display information about the event including title, description, date, ticket
- [ ] types and ticket prices
- [ ] ● The user should be able to select the number of each type of ticket they want to purchase
- [ ] ● The user should enter their name
- [ ] ● There should be a Book button which will book the tickets
- [ ] ● Attendees should only be able to book as many tickets as are available
- [ ] ● There should be a back button which redirects the user to the Attendee Home Page.

TOTO: Nice to have
- [ ] format date / time on pages split on "T"
- [ ] make sure all Date() is formated

OTHER:
- [ ] What does (next) do?
- [ ] 


TODO: remove write pemissions from the site_settings table so title and name dont change


https://www.reddit.com/r/node/comments/qrv1qd/can_i_send_more_than_one_dataset_to_an_ejs_file/

Yes, like so { data: { arrayStuff: […], yourString: “Hello World” }}
